docs: Document CBC.yaml variable type differences in selectors vs Jinja2 (#5887)
conda/conda-build: docs/source/resources/variants.rst

information to feed into other Jinja templates, and the buck has to stop
somewhere.

Variable type behavior in selectors and Jinja2 expressions
-----------------------------------------------------------

Varaibles defined in the ``conda_build_config.yaml`` file are treated differently depending
on where they are used in the recipe.

In selector expressions, variables from ``conda_build_config.yaml`` are converted into specific Python types.
Conda-build converts numerical-like expressions into ``int`` type for easier relational operations.
Additionally, ``true`` / ``false`` strings are converted to booleans.

In Jinja2 expressions, the variables are treated as strings even if they are defined as integers in ``conda_build_config.yaml``.
This is the default Jinja2 behavior as its original use-case was generating text-based outputs.

> Variables must be explicitly cast to ``int`` type in the Jinja expression if wanted to use as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables must be explicitly casted to ``int`` type in the Jinja expression if they need to be used as such.
```
